apidoc-overview.md, before:

# Overview
Aurora Files is an open-source file storage platform, built to give you an ability to create your own cloud storage on your hardware by your rules. The file storage can be accessed from web browser or using native clients for Windows, iOS and Android operating systems. Alternatively you can use third-party WebDAV clients.

![Afterlogic Webmail Pro 8: Message List](https://afterlogic.org/images/products/aurora-files/aurora-files-folder-list.png)

## Useful links
- More information at [Aurora File home page](https://afterlogic.org/aurora-files)
- [Aurora Files live demo](https://aurora-files.afterlogic.com/)
- [Main documentation](https://afterlogic.com/docs/aurora-files/)
- [Github repository](https://github.com/afterlogic/aurora-files)

# Introduction
This API allows applications to communicate with backend code of Aurora Files. You can create your custom frontend which would interact with Aurora Files backend via Web API. Note that the application which uses Web API doesn't have to be written in JavaScript, it doesn't even have to be a web application, you can use this API in mobile, desktop and server applications as well.

Commit message:

added configs for documentation generators

apidoc-overview.md, after:

# Overview
Aurora Platform is an open-source solution for creation collaboration web apps, such as your own cloud storage, webmail client, calendar, helpdesk application or all at once. The application can be accessed from web browser or by standalone clients. For example, File Storage can be accessed using native clients for Windows, iOS and Android operating systems. You can use even third-party WebDAV clients.

## Useful links
- More information about producs family: 
    - [Aurora File home page](https://afterlogic.org/aurora-files)
	- [Webmail Lite 8 home page](https://afterlogic.org/webmail-lite-8)
	- [Webmail Pro 8 home page](https://afterlogic.com/webmail-pro-8)
- [Github repository](https://github.com/afterlogic/aurora-platform)
- [Central issue tracker for the Aurora products family](https://github.com/afterlogic/aurora-platform/issues)

# Introduction
This API allows applications to communicate with backend code of Aurora Platform. You can create your custom frontend which would interact with Aurora Platform backend via Web API. Note that the application which uses Web API doesn't have to be written in JavaScript, it doesn't even have to be a web application, you can use this API in mobile, desktop and server applications as well.
